Update references to shared objects as supported, link to related mat… (#4135)
MystenLabs/sui: doc/src/build/objects.md

Now back to the topic of object owned by another object. When an object is owned by another object, it's not wrapped. This means the child object still exists independently as a top-level object and can be accessed directly in the Sui storage. The ownership relationship is only tracked through the owner field of the child object. This can be useful if you still want to observe the child object or be able to use it in other transactions. We provide library APIs to make an object owned by another object. More details on how to do this can be found in the [Sui Move library](move/sui-move-library.md).

### Immutable
This means an object is immutable and cannot be mutated by anyone. Because of this, such an object doesn't have an exclusive owner. Anyone can use it in their Move calls. All Move packages are immutable objects: once published, they cannot be changed. A Move object can be turned into an immutable object through the [*freeze_object*](move/sui-move-library.md) library API. An immutable object can only passed as a read-only reference (`&T`) in Move calls.

### Shared

> An object can be shared, meaning that anyone can use and mutate this object. For an example, see [Shared Object](https://examples.sui.io/basics/shared-object.html#shared-object) on https://examples.sui.io/. To see how use of shared objects affects your applications, see the two implementations of TicTacToe: [No Shared Object](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/sui_programmability/examples/games/sources/tic_tac_toe.move) vs. [Shared Object](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/sui_programmability/examples/games/sources/shared_tic_tac_toe.move).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object can be shared, meaning that anyone can read or write this object. In contrast to mutable owned objects (which are single-writer), shared objects require [consensus](../../learn/architecture/consensus.md) to sequence reads and writes. For an example of creating and accessing a shared object, see [Shared Object](https://examples.sui.io/basics/shared-object.html#shared-object) on https://examples.sui.io/.

In other blockchains, every object is shared. However, Sui programmers often have the choice to implement a particular use-case using shared objects, owned objects, or a combination. This choice can have implications for performance, security, and implementation complexity The best way to understand these tradeoffs is to look at a few examples of use-cases implemented both ways:

Escrow: [Shared](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/sui_programmability/examples/defi/sources/shared_escrow.move), [Owned](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/sui_programmability/examples/defi/sources/escrow.move)
Auction: [Shared](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/sui_programmability/examples/nfts/sources/shared_auction.move), [Owned](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/sui_programmability/examples/nfts/sources/auction.move)
Tic Tac Toe: [Shared](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/sui_programmability/examples/games/sources/shared_tic_tac_toe.move), [Owned](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/blob/main/sui_programmability/examples/games/sources/tic_tac_toe.move)
```

> Here is a brief primer: for any other mutable object that's not shared, no two transactions can be mutating the same object at the same time since a transaction is pinned on a specific (and must be the latest) version of each object. Hence, Sui doesn't need to worry about reaching a consensus or ordering (it's ordered by construction). However for shared objects, in order to allow multiple transactions to mutate the same object at the same time, we need a sequencer or [consensus engine](../../learn/architecture/consensus.md) to properly order these transactions. Because of this, using a shared object can be much more expensive in terms of latency, throughput and gas cost. On the other hand, a shared object is also a powerful primitive that allows for expressing richer behavior that doesn't require central trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
